Creating a ROS Index Tutorial (#4316)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/Using-ROSIndex.rst

> Effectively Searching the ROS 2 Ecosystem
> #########################################

Reviewer: `Ecosystem` is kind ambiguous for me, what i can find here? CC: @kscottz WDYT?

```suggestion
Searching the ROS 2 Packages
############################
```

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

> This guide introduces the standard way of searching for documentation among ROS 2 packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide introduces the standard way of searching for ROS 2 package-level documentation.
```

> The best way to find solutions to one's problems will be using ROS Index to crawl through packages in the ROS 2 ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are thousands of ROS packages that encompass all aspects of robotics; everything from hardware drivers to high-level planning and navigation. 
Some of these packages exist solely as open source code, while others are distributed as binary packages that can be easily installed on a ROS system using tools like `apt`. 
A complete and searchable list of these ROS binary packages is available at `index.ros.org <http://index.ros.org>`__, which is similar to `Python's Package Index (PyPI) <https://pypi.org/>`__.
A good way to find a solution to many common robotics problems is to use ROS Index to find an appropriate ROS 2 binary package from the ROS ecosystem.
```

> One should find packages that would greatly benefit them and using the tutorials that go along with these packages, to increase one's understanding about the topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using ROS Index you can find binary ROS packages, the source code behind them, and their associated documentation  and  tutorials.
```

Prerequisites
-------------

- `Open ROS Index <https://index.ros.org/>`

> Finding a Beneficial Package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Searching for ROS Packages
```

----------------------------

> Locate the search bar in the middle of the screen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Locate the search bar in the middle of the screen on `index.ros.org <https://index.ros.org/>`__:
```

.. image:: ros-index-images/search_bar.png
  :width: 500 px
  :alt: Search Bar on ROS Index

> Then utilize this to find either a specific package or search for the features of a package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this search bar to find specific packages or search for specific package features.
```

> ROS Index has the capabilities to search through the available documentation and find keywords that match the given search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ROS Index has the capability to search through the available package documentation and find keywords that match the given search query.
```

> If interested, one can `Create Documentation <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/How-To-Guides/Documenting-a-ROS-2-Package.html>` for their own packages.

Reviewer 2: Let's drop this line for now and focus on finding packages. 
```suggestion
```

For example if one wanted to do color processing on images they could either search `image_proc` or `image processing`.
After clicking the top package in the list, it will bring one to a page similar to `this <https://index.ros.org/p/image_proc/github-ros-perception-image_pipeline/#humble>`:

.. image:: ros-index-images/package_info.png
  :width: 500 px
  :alt: Package Info on ROS Index

Breaking it Down
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. `Package Description` The general description of the package, this should be similar to what was searched if it wasn't an exact package name.
2. `Tutorials` If there are any tutorials available in the documentation they will show up here.
Those looking to get started with a package should look here as the tutorials will often be up to date and well maintained by those who use the package often.

> 3. `Documentation` The original documentation and github repository where this data is found

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. `Documentation` The original documentation for the ROS package and the repository where source code and documentation can be found.```

> 4. `Distrobution` ROS 2 has `various distrobutions <>https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Releases.html ` which may have differences in design.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. `Distribution` ROS 2 has `various distributions <>https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Releases.html ` which may have differences in design.
```

> One should click the distrobution which most fits their needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the ROS distribution (version) that matches the ROS version installed on your system. 
```

5. `Contributing` This software is open source, so it needs the community's help to actively be maintained.
One should utilize this section if they wish to help solve issues, review pull requests, or are looking to see if an active fix is being deployed for a problem they encountered.

> 6. `Maintainers` Those in the community actively responsible for the development of the package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. `Maintainers` This tab lists the community members who are actively responsible for the development of the package.
```
